round 25 our next DeNooyer certainly
proved anything but a knockout in 2011 I
wanted to support him so much because
he's like from South London I'm from
South London and like yeah it's finally
someone we could cheer on and champion
having been crowned WBA champion in 2009
preening pugilist David Haye sought to
unify the various world heavyweight
titles by taking on and beating Vladimir
Klitschko younger of the gigantic
Klitschko brothers from Kazakhstan but
David's preparations for the fight
seemed a little unusual they mainly
seemed to involve chatshow sophist was
on granddaughter sportsmanship and
completely out the window in the
build-up to the match to see just just
checking talking skipping and knock out
letter- stone
no punches were pulled when it came to
dissing his opponents who we even
compared to Borah promotional gimmicks
were just so just so disrespectful so
childish seven heads 10,000 British fans
traveled out to Hamburg with high hopes
of seeing the Hamaker triumph at the end
of the day David Hayes Bach was away
worse than his bite
despite all the hype he proved more
chump than champ with Klitschko winning
on points after 12 rounds
I'm sure there's been many a boxer that
of them fought till the bitter end with
broken arm broken ribs but he has little
time ruined it for them eight men box
that make excuses office appliance it
makes me sick but you know I broke my
toe three weeks ago and there's no way I
was going to pull out this twice he
broke his toe
really yeah cuz of course when you're
pushing off for a punch that all comes
from the tool not from the fests or the
waist or the rest of the body it's all
on that talk and in case we doubted the
David had a saw tool he then walked her
home for the next month with open-toe
sandals just so you can see a look at my
tall it's really sore afterwards though
the Klitschkos got the revenge they had
a t-shirt made with a save up tool just
to wind them up because of course that
was the real reason the David lost a
fake